{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HoeflerText-Black;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HoeflerText-Italic;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HoeflerText-Regular;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1080\margr1080\margb1080\margt1080
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone Jonathan Scriptura Cog 14\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\b0 \cf2 The Ancient Shadows That Guide Us
\f2\i0  \
Biblical Frames Against Pagan Idolatry\
\
The wisdom of the Scriptures is not merely an ancient archive\'97it is a living framework, handed down through the ages to combat idolatry, reveal truth, and point humanity back to the true and living God. The ancient shadows cast by Solomon, David, Elijah, and Elisha continue to guide us, offering a complete biblical structure for discerning light from darkness.\
\
These shadows are not vague\
\
The Ancient Shadows That Guide Us: Biblical Frames Over Iconic Idolatry\
\
Scripture reveals a profound truth: Shadows guide us. They are not mere absence of light but prophetic outlines cast by greater realities. The ancient shadows in Scripture\'97figures like Solomon, David, Elijah, and Elisha\'97are fractal patterns of divine wisdom, justice, and power. These biblical frames offer clarity and true spiritual guidance in contrast to the pagan iconic-idolatry of more recent times, which distorts truth into vanity.\
\
The shadows of Scripture lead us to anticipation of Christ\'97the full light of God.\
\
I. Solomon: The Shadow of Wisdom and Covenant Order\
\
Hebrew Root: Chokmah (
\f3 \uc0\u1495 \u1464 \u1499 \u1456 \u1502 \u1464 \u1492 
\f2 ) \'96 Wisdom as skilled craftsmanship.\
	\'95	Physical Root: The hands of a master builder shaping reality.\
\
Solomon\'92s wisdom in Proverbs, Ecclesiastes, and the Song of Songs frames:\
	\'95	The fear of YHWH as the foundation of order (Prov 1:7).\
	\'95	Righteousness as alignment with covenant law.\
	\'95	Vanity as Hevel\'97not despair, but a vaporous reminder of life\'92s limits.\
\
Key Shadow Insight: The Tree of Order vs. the Idol of Certainty\
	\'95	Solomon\'92s chokmah reveals the tree of life (Prov. 3:18),\
	\'95	Pagan idolatry replaces trust with certainty, crafting false wisdom as rigid control.\
\
II. David: The Shadow of Kingship and Covenant Heart\
\
Hebrew Root: Melek (
\f3 \uc0\u1502 \u1462 \u1500 \u1462 \u1498 \u1456 
\f2 ) \'96 Rule, Sovereignty, Authority.\
	\'95	Physical Root: A crown placed on the head, the seat of divine delegation.\
\
David embodies righteous leadership as the shepherd-king:\
	\'95	Faithful dependence on God\'92s word.\
	\'95	Imperfection acknowledged, yet steadfast repentance (Ps. 51).\
	\'95	Covenantal loyalty despite failure, prefiguring Messiah.\
\
Key Shadow Insight: The Shepherd King vs. the Heroic Idol\
	\'95	David models authority as service, not conquest.\
	\'95	The pagan hero image idolizes conquest, glory, and self-exaltation.\
\
III. Elijah and Elisha: Shadows of Prophetic Power and Continuity\
\
Hebrew Root: Navi (
\f3 \uc0\u1504 \u1464 \u1489 \u1460 \u1497 \u1488 
\f2 ) \'96 Prophet, Mouthpiece of God.\
	\'95	Physical Root: To bubble forth, as a spring releasing truth.\
\
Elijah and Elisha represent:\
	\'95	Prophetic confrontation against Baal-worship.\
	\'95	Signs and wonders validating the Word of YHWH.\
	\'95	Elisha\'92s double portion prefigures Christ\'92s greater works (2 Kings 2:9).\
\
Key Shadow Insight: The Voice of God vs. the Pagan Oracle\
	\'95	Prophecy reveals truth, while pagan mysticism distorts it.\
	\'95	Elijah\'92s fire on Carmel exposes the impotence of Baal\'92s priests.\
\
IV. The Shadows Fulfilled: Christ the True Image\
\
The ancient shadows converge in Christ, the final prophet, priest, and king:\
	\'95	Solomon\'92s Wisdom: Christ, the wisdom of God (1 Cor. 1:24).\
	\'95	David\'92s Kingship: Christ, the root of David (Rev. 22:16).\
	\'95	Elijah\'92s Prophetic Power: Christ, the final Word of God (Heb. 1:1-3).\
\
Greek Root for Image: Eik\uc0\u333 n (
\f3 \uc0\u949 \u7984 \u954 \u974 \u957 
\f2 )\
	\'95	Physical Root: A carving or imprint capturing the essence of the original.\
	\'95	Christ as the True Eik\uc0\u333 n: The exact representation of the Father (Col. 1:15).\
\
V. The Pagan Contrast: The Rise of Idolatry as a False Shadow\
\
Paganism mimics divine order by reversing the biblical pattern.\
	\'95	Idolatry distorts: Pagan icons demand submission to creation, not Creator.\
	\'95	Biblical Shadows invite: Worship of the invisible God behind the image.\
\
Key Distinctions:\
	\'95	Biblical Shadows:\
	\'95	Point to God\'92s reality.\
	\'95	Inspire faith and hope.\
	\'95	Reveal incompleteness in fallen humanity.\
	\'95	Pagan Icons:\
	\'95	Replace God with the creation itself.\
	\'95	Demand control rather than inspire faith.\
	\'95	Turn leaders into gods, from Pharaoh to Caesar.\
\
VI. The Call to Return: The Ancient Shadows in the Modern Church\
\
The ancient shadows of Solomon, David, Elijah, and Elisha are not abstract symbols\'97they are living metaphors calling the Church to return:\
	\'95	Solomon\'92s Wisdom: Restore rooted biblical literacy and holistic worldview.\
	\'95	David\'92s Kingship: Recover servant leadership, not celebrity culture.\
	\'95	Elijah\'92s Prophecy: Proclaim truth boldly, rejecting the pagan idols of our age.\
\
VII. Practical Application: Reframing Modern Worship\
	1.	Covenantal Wisdom:\
	\'95	Teach Proverbs as foundational, not just inspirational.\
	\'95	Emphasize root wisdom over surface applications.\
	2.	Covenantal Kingship:\
	\'95	Disciple fathers and husbands in servant authority.\
	\'95	Redefine church leadership from control to service.\
	3.	Covenantal Prophecy:\
	\'95	Encourage bold truth-telling, even when unpopular.\
	\'95	Resist modern icons that turn leaders into idols.\
\
VIII. The Conclusion: The Light Behind the Shadow\
\
The ancient shadows lead us forward, not backward. They point us to Christ, who fulfills what was incomplete.\
	\'95	Christ is the True Wisdom behind Solomon.\
	\'95	Christ is the True King greater than David.\
	\'95	Christ is the Final Prophet beyond Elijah.\
\
The call of the shadows is not to linger but to step fully into the Light of Christ.\
}