{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HoeflerText-Black;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HoeflerText-Italic;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HoeflerText-Regular;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1080\margr1080\margb1080\margt1080
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone Jonathan Scriptura 17\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\b0 \cf2 The \'93Under the Sun\'94 Triad\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\i0 \cf2 Vapor that Leads to Eternity\
\
The \'93Under the Sun\'94 Triad found in Ecclesiastes is one of the most profound biblical frameworks for understanding the temporal, the transcendent, and the eternal. Far from a cynical philosophy, Solomon\'92s poetic repetition of vapor (hevel), under the sun (tachat hashemesh), and profit (ytr) reveals a cosmic wisdom\'97a call to perceive the ephemeral nature of earthly life not as despair, but as an invitation to hope in the eternal realities found in God alone.\
\
This study will explore how vapor, sun, and profit form a triadic lens through which Solomon reframes life\'92s fleeting beauty as a call toward wisdom, worship, and trust in the God who endures forever.\
\
I. Vapor: The Reality of Transience\
\
Hebrew Root: 
\f3 \uc0\u1492 \u1462 \u1489 \u1462 \u1500 
\f2  (hevel) \'96 Vapor, breath, mist.\
	\'95	Physical Root: A wisp of air, a passing mist that vanishes.\
\
Key Verse:\
\'93Vapor of vapors,\'94 says the Collector, \'93Vapor of vapors! All is vapor.\'94 (Ecclesiastes 1:2)\
\
What Hevel Does Not Mean:\
	\'95	Not Nihilism: Solomon is not declaring all life meaningless.\
	\'95	Not Despair: Rather, hevel emphasizes the fragility and briefness of life.\
\
What Hevel Does Mean:\
	\'95	Fleeting Beauty: Life is precious because it is temporary.\
	\'95	Illusory Control: Human efforts to control outcomes are as vaporous as mist.\
	\'95	Uncontainable Wisdom: Truth itself can be felt but never fully grasped.\
\
Theological Echo:\
	\'95	Psalm 39:5: \'93Surely every man at his best state is but a vapor.\'94\
	\'95	James 4:14: \'93You are a mist that appears for a little while and then vanishes.\'94\
\
II. Under the Sun: The Scope of Human Experience\
\
Hebrew Root: 
\f3 \uc0\u1514 \u1463 \u1468 \u1495 \u1463 \u1514 
\f2  
\f3 \uc0\u1492 \u1463 \u1513 \u1462 \u1468 \u1473 \u1502 \u1462 \u1513 \u1473 
\f2  (tachat hashemesh) \'96 Beneath the Sun.\
	\'95	Physical Root: Literally beneath the heat of the sun\'92s light.\
\
Key Verse:\
\'93What profit has a man from all his labor which he toils under the sun?\'94 (Ecclesiastes 1:3)\
\
The Sun as a Symbol of:\
	\'95	Temporal Experience: Life within the created order.\
	\'95	Mortality: The cycle of life, death, and renewal.\
	\'95	Earthly Wisdom: Wisdom confined to observable realities.\
\
Theological Echo:\
	\'95	Genesis 1:14-18: The sun as a governing light for times and seasons.\
	\'95	Malachi 4:2: The Sun of Righteousness pointing to Messianic hope.\
\
Spiritual Reflection:\
	\'95	\'93Under the Sun\'94 is not a denial of eternal truth but a call to look beyond it.\
	\'95	It reveals the limits of human perception apart from revelation.\
\
III. Profit: The Paradox of Gain\
\
Hebrew Root: 
\f3 \uc0\u1497 \u1468 \u1460 \u1514 \u1456 \u1512 \u1493 \u1465 \u1503 
\f2  (yitron) \'96 Profit, advantage, remainder.\
	\'95	Physical Root: To leave behind or what remains.\
\
Key Verse:\
\'93What profit is there for a man in all his labor\'85?\'94 (Ecclesiastes 1:3)\
\
What True Profit Is Not:\
	\'95	Material Wealth: Wealth under the sun does not endure.\
	\'95	Secular Wisdom: Human knowledge cannot prevent death.\
\
What True Profit Is:\
	\'95	Eternal Gain: The only lasting profit is what endures in God.\
	\'95	Spiritual Wisdom: Aligning one\'92s life with divine truth.\
\
Theological Echo:\
	\'95	Proverbs 16:3: \'93Commit your works to the LORD, and your thoughts will be established.\'94\
	\'95	Matthew 6:20: \'93Lay up treasures in heaven where neither moth nor rust destroy.\'94\
\
IV. The \'93Under the Sun\'94 Triad Unlocked: Framing the Wave of Eternity\
\
Element	Hebrew Root	Physical Image	Spiritual Reality	New Testament Fulfillment\
Vapor (Hevel)	
\f3 \uc0\u1492 \u1462 \u1489 \u1462 \u1500 
\f2  (hevel)	Mist, breath	Life\'92s fleeting nature	James 4:14 \'96 Life as a vapor.\
Sun (Tachat Shemesh)	
\f3 \uc0\u1514 \u1463 \u1468 \u1495 \u1463 \u1514 
\f2  
\f3 \uc0\u1492 \u1463 \u1513 \u1462 \u1468 \u1473 \u1502 \u1462 \u1513 \u1473 
\f2 	The sun\'92s light	The limits of earthly sight	John 8:12 \'96 Christ, Light of Life\
Profit (Yitron)	
\f3 \uc0\u1497 \u1468 \u1460 \u1514 \u1456 \u1512 \u1493 \u1465 \u1503 
\f2  (yitron)	Leftover gain	Eternal fruit, spiritual gain	Matthew 6:20 \'96 Treasures in heaven\
\
V. The Cross as the Fulfillment of the Triad\
\
The Gospel transforms the hevel of Ecclesiastes into hope through Jesus Christ:\
	1.	Vapor Reframed in Christ:\
	\'95	Christ enters the vaporous human condition.\
	\'95	John 1:14: \'93The Word became flesh and dwelt among us.\'94\
	2.	Under the Sun Reframed in Christ:\
	\'95	Christ fulfills all things under the sun.\
	\'95	John 8:12: \'93I am the Light of the World.\'94\
	3.	Profit Reframed in Christ:\
	\'95	Christ brings eternal gain through His work on the Cross.\
	\'95	Philippians 3:8: \'93I count all things as loss compared to knowing Christ.\'94\
\
VI. Practical Application of the Triad in Christian Life\
	1.	In Daily Faith:\
	\'95	Recognize vapor as a call to gratitude.\
	\'95	See life\'92s fleeting nature as a motivation for faithful living.\
	2.	In Relationships:\
	\'95	The sun\'92s limits remind us that true wisdom comes only from divine revelation.\
	\'95	Pursue relationships built on eternal realities like grace and truth.\
	3.	In Worship:\
	\'95	Let profit be measured not by success but by faithfulness.\
	\'95	Reframe gain as the spiritual fruit of living in the light of Christ.\
\
VII. Conclusion: Vapor that Leads to Eternity\
\
The triad of vapor, sun, and profit is not a cycle of despair but a call to eternity. Solomon, speaking in the shadow of Messiah, reveals that life\'92s brevity and futility without God are meant to draw us higher.\
	\'95	Vapor reminds us of the brevity of life.\
	\'95	The Sun reveals the limits of human wisdom.\
	\'95	Profit invites us to seek eternal gain.\
\
In Christ, we see that life\'92s fleeting nature is not a curse but an invitation to rest in eternal truths.\
}