{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HoeflerText-Black;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HoeflerText-Italic;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HoeflerText-Regular;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1080\margr1080\margb1080\margt1080
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone Jonathan Scriptura Cog 16\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\b0 \cf2 Shame and the Spirit of the Accuser \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\i0 \cf2 Knowing God in Condemnation and Redemption\
\
Throughout Scripture, shame and the spirit of the accuser appear as deeply intertwined forces that fracture human identity, distort divine truth, and sever communion with God. Yet, Scripture also reveals how Christ disarms this accusatory spirit, turning shame into grace, and condemnation into freedom.\
\
This study explores shame as a theological reality, examining its Hebrew and Greek roots, and the spirit of accusation as a weapon of both spiritual oppression and satanic deception, resolved ultimately in the cross of Jesus Christ.\
\
I. The Roots of Shame in the Old Testament\
\
Primary Hebrew Terms for Shame:\
	\'95	
\f3 \uc0\u1489 \u1468 \u1493 \u1468 \u1513 \u1473 
\f2  (bush) \'96 To be ashamed, dismayed, confounded.\
	\'95	Physical Root: To shrink back, cover oneself.\
	\'95	Genesis 3:7: \'93Then the eyes of both of them were opened, and they knew they were naked; and they sewed fig leaves together.\'94\
	\'95	
\f3 \uc0\u1499 \u1464 \u1468 \u1500 \u1460 \u1497 \u1501 
\f2  (kalim) \'96 Disgrace, humiliation.\
	\'95	Physical Root: The public exposure of vulnerability.\
	\'95	Jeremiah 20:11: \'93The Lord is with me\'85 my persecutors will stumble and will not prevail; they will be greatly ashamed.\'94\
\
Key Insight:\
	\'95	Shame is internal exposure (bush) and external disgrace (kalim).\
	\'95	Shame is relational: it arises from disconnection from God, self, and others.\
\
II. The Spirit of the Accuser: Ha-Satan in the Old Testament\
\
Hebrew: 
\f3 \uc0\u1513 \u1464 \u1474 \u1496 \u1464 \u1503 
\f2  (Satan) \'96 Adversary, accuser.\
	\'95	Physical Root: To obstruct or oppose as a legal challenger.\
\
Primary Text:\
	\'95	Job 1:6-11: \'93The Accuser came among them\'85 \'91Does Job fear God for nothing?\'92\'94\
	\'95	Zechariah 3:1: \'93Then he showed me Joshua the high priest\'85 and Satan standing at his right hand to accuse him.\'94\
\
Key Insight:\
	\'95	The Accuser distorts truth by focusing on guilt without grace.\
	\'95	The Accuser\'92s voice echoes through legalism, fear, and self-condemnation.\
\
III. The New Testament Unmasks the Spirit of Accusation\
\
Greek Word Studies:\
	\'95	
\f3 \uc0\u954 \u945 \u964 \u951 \u947 \u959 \u961 \u8051 \u969 
\f2  (kat\uc0\u275 gore\u333 ) \'96 To accuse, bring charges against.\
	\'95	Physical Root: A prosecutor presenting charges in court.\
	\'95	John 8:44: \'93[The Devil]\'85 is the father of lies.\'94\
	\'95	
\f3 \uc0\u948 \u953 \u945 \u946 \u959 \u955 \u959 \u962 
\f2  (diabolos) \'96 Slanderer, accuser, adversary.\
	\'95	Physical Root: To throw across\'97to cast false accusations.\
	\'95	Revelation 12:10: \'93The accuser of our brothers has been cast down.\'94\
\
The Accuser\'92s Strategy in the Gospels\
	1.	False Legalism (Pharisees)\
	\'95	Luke 11:53-54: The Pharisees lay accusations against Jesus for His healing.\
	2.	Public Shame (Adulterous Woman)\
	\'95	John 8:3-11: The Pharisees use public disgrace to condemn the woman caught in adultery.\
	3.	Twisting Truth (Satan\'92s Temptation)\
	\'95	Matthew 4:1-11: The Accuser distorts Scripture in the wilderness to challenge Christ\'92s identity.\
\
IV. Shame as a Weapon of the Accuser\
\
The Psychological Effect of Shame:\
	\'95	Shame isolates: It drives the soul to hide (Gen 3:10).\
	\'95	Shame distorts: It twists identity, reducing the person to their failure.\
	\'95	Shame paralyzes: It cripples action, leaving the soul inward-focused.\
\
V. The Cross of Christ as the End of Shame\
\
Greek: 
\f3 \uc0\u945 \u953 \u963 \u967 \u965 \u957 \u951 
\f2  (aischyn\uc0\u275 ) \'96 Shame, disgrace.\
	\'95	Physical Root: To be exposed to scorn.\
\
Hebrews 12:2:\
\'93Looking unto Jesus, the author and finisher of our faith, who for the joy set before Him endured the cross, despising the shame.\'94\
\
How Christ Defeats Shame and the Accuser:\
	1.	He Endured Shame on Our Behalf:\
	\'95	The public crucifixion exposed Jesus naked and humiliated (Mark 15:24).\
	\'95	He bore the shame we deserved, fulfilling Isaiah\'92s prophecy (Isa. 53:5).\
	2.	He Silences the Accuser:\
	\'95	Revelation 12:11: \'93They overcame him by the blood of the Lamb and the word of their testimony.\'94\
	\'95	Christ\'92s blood removes the basis for accusation.\
	3.	He Restores Our Honor:\
	\'95	Isaiah 61:7: \'93Instead of shame, you shall have double honor.\'94\
	\'95	We are clothed in righteousness (2 Cor. 5:21).\
\
VI. Overcoming Shame in the Christian Life\
\
1. Identify the Accuser\'92s Voice:\
	\'95	Does it condemn without hope?\
	\'95	Does it isolate you from the body of Christ?\
\
2. Confront with the Gospel:\
	\'95	The Accuser\'92s power is broken by the blood of Christ.\
	\'95	Romans 8:1: \'93There is now no condemnation for those in Christ Jesus.\'94\
\
3. Replace Shame with Honor:\
	\'95	Ephesians 1:6: \'93He made us accepted in the Beloved.\'94\
	\'95	Biblical forgiveness restores identity, not just status.\
\
VII. The Theological Contrast: Biblical Shame vs. Pagan Shame\
\
Biblical Shame:\
	\'95	Temporary: Designed to lead to repentance (2 Cor. 7:10).\
	\'95	God-Directed: Focused on restoration and holiness.\
	\'95	Contextual: Tied to covenant faithfulness.\
\
Pagan Shame (The Accuser\'92s Design):\
	\'95	Permanent: Seeks to define the whole person by failure.\
	\'95	Self-Directed: Focused on self-punishment and despair.\
	\'95	Honor-Culture Based: Tied to reputation and public opinion.\
\
VIII. The Church as the Healing Community Against Shame\
\
The ecclesia is called to be a place where shame dies and grace reigns:\
	\'95	Confession Without Condemnation:\
	\'95	James 5:16: \'93Confess your sins to one another that you may be healed.\'94\
	\'95	Preaching the Finished Work of Christ:\
	\'95	1 John 2:1: \'93If anyone sins, we have an Advocate with the Father.\'94\
	\'95	Restoration, Not Rejection:\
	\'95	Galatians 6:1: \'93Restore such a one in a spirit of gentleness.\'94\
\
IX. Conclusion: Christ is Our Honor\
\
The spirit of the accuser thrives on shame, but Christ\'92s victory silences it forever.\
	\'95	Satan condemns; Christ justifies.\
	\'95	Shame binds; Christ liberates.\
	\'95	The Accuser speaks lies; Christ speaks truth.\
\
As you walk in Christ:\
	\'95	Reject false shame.\
	\'95	Speak grace over others.\
	\'95	Rest in the honor Christ has restored.\
}