{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cspthree\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440
\deftab20
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab20\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \
What Is Speaking Common?\
\
\'93Speaking Common\'94 is a workshop for crafting clear, bold, and accessible communication that resonates with broad audiences. At its heart, Speaking Common focuses on cutting through complexity, embracing directness, and infusing language with a strong voice of confidence and relatability. Whether explaining a complex concept, presenting a persuasive argument, or inspiring action, this approach connects with readers on a gut level.\
\
Let\'92s break down the method into actionable principles so you can apply Speaking Common to any project.\
\
1. Keep It Direct and Clear\
\
People crave clarity. Speaking Common works because it doesn\'92t dance around the point\'97it charges straight at it.\
	\'95	Before:\
\'93The economic downturn has resulted in a number of unforeseen challenges that have impacted multiple sectors.\'94\
	\'95	After:\
\'93The economy\'92s in trouble, and it\'92s hitting every sector hard.\'94\
\
How to Practice:\
Write your thoughts, then simplify each sentence until it\'92s no longer \'93academic\'94 but \'93common sense.\'94 Test yourself by imagining how you\'92d explain it to someone in your family at the dinner table.\
\
2. Speak with Confidence\
\
A strong voice commands attention. Speaking Common avoids hesitations, qualifiers, and excessive nuance that muddy the message. It trades \'93maybes\'94 for certainty.\
	\'95	Before:\
\'93It\'92s possible this policy might result in lower energy costs for some communities, although there are variables to consider.\'94\
	\'95	After:\
\'93This policy will slash energy costs where it\'92s needed most.\'94\
\
How to Practice:\
Look for weak phrases like \'93could,\'94 \'93might,\'94 or \'93seems.\'94 Replace them with action-oriented words like \'93will\'94 or \'93does.\'94 Believe in what you\'92re saying, and let that confidence show.\
\
3. Add Relatability and Analogies\
\
Speaking Common thrives on metaphors and comparisons that bring abstract ideas to life. Instead of technical jargon, it paints vivid pictures.\
	\'95	Before:\
\'93The stock market\'92s unpredictable fluctuations are causing investor unease.\'94\
	\'95	After:\
\'93The stock market\'92s like a rollercoaster right now\'97up, down, and making everyone nervous.\'94\
\
How to Practice:\
When writing, think of everyday experiences, familiar objects, or situations your audience would know. Ask: \'93How can I explain this idea using something they\'92ve seen or felt?\'94\
\
4. Use Bold, Active Language\
\
Speaking Common energizes the audience. It uses verbs to drive action and cuts out passive constructions or bureaucratic tone.\
	\'95	Before:\
\'93Decisions about funding are being considered to address this issue.\'94\
	\'95	After:\
\'93We\'92re fixing this by funding the solution.\'94\
\
How to Practice:\
Highlight verbs in your sentences. Are they active? If not, reframe the sentence to put the subject in charge of the action.\
\
5. Engage Emotion and Vision\
\
People respond to feelings, not just facts. Speaking Common knows how to inspire by connecting with aspirations, fears, or shared values.\
	\'95	Before:\
\'93Investing in clean energy could provide environmental and economic benefits.\'94\
	\'95	After:\
\'93Clean energy means cleaner air, better jobs, and a future we can believe in.\'94\
\
How to Practice:\
Ask yourself: What emotional response am I aiming for? Do I want the reader to feel inspired, reassured, or energized? Build language around that goal.\
\
6. Be Conversational, Not Robotic\
\
Speaking Common feels like a conversation, not a lecture. The tone is approachable, even when tackling complex ideas.\
	\'95	Before:\
\'93The proposed fiscal adjustments require extensive review before implementation.\'94\
	\'95	After:\
\'93Before we make changes, we\'92ll take a hard look to get it right.\'94\
\
How to Practice:\
Read your text aloud. Does it sound like something you\'92d say to a friend? If not, rewrite it until it feels natural.\
\
7. End with Strength and Vision\
\
The last thing your audience hears should be your most memorable point. Speaking Common often closes with a strong, forward-looking call to action.\
	\'95	Before:\
\'93We hope this proposal will inspire change.\'94\
	\'95	After:\
\'93Change is coming. Let\'92s lead it.\'94\
\
How to Practice:\
Think of your ending as the rallying cry. What do you want your audience to feel or do after reading? Focus on that.\
\
Final Thoughts on Speaking Common\
\
Speaking Common isn\'92t about simplifying ideas\'97it\'92s about communicating them in a way that resonates with people. It\'92s about finding the balance between authority and relatability, making bold claims without losing substance, and turning complex messages into clear, compelling calls to action.\
\
By mastering Speaking Common, you\'92ll cut through the noise and connect with your audience in a way that sticks. It\'92s not just about writing\'97it\'92s about speaking the language of everyday heroes, decision-makers, and dreamers.}