{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HoeflerText-Black;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HoeflerText-Regular;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1080\margr1080\margb1080\margt1080
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone The Problem of Sin\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 1. 
\f2 \uc0\u1513 \u1473 \u1490 \u1464 \u1490 \u1464 \u1492 
\f1  (shegagah) \'96 \'93Error\'94 (Unintentional Sin)\
	\'95	Root Meaning: To stumble, wander off course.\
	\'95	Physical Imagery: Like tripping on uneven ground, this term evokes the image of unintentional missteps, as one wandering from a path without awareness. Levitical Context: Represents sins committed accidentally due to ignorance or lack of attention.\
	\'95	Scriptural Reference: Numbers 15:28 \'96 \'93And the priest shall make atonement for the person who sins in error (shegagah).\'94\
\
2. 
\f2 \uc0\u1495 \u1464 \u1496 \u1464 \u1488 
\f1  (chata) \'96 \'93To Miss the Mark\'94 (General Sin)\
	\'95	Root Meaning: To miss a target or fail a shot.\
	\'95	Physical Imagery: The term originates from archery, describing an arrow that fails to hit its mark\'97a deviation from accuracy. Levitical Context: Applies to general moral failures without direct intent to defy.\
	\'95	Scriptural Reference: Leviticus 4:2 \'96 \'93When a person sins unintentionally (chata) against any of the commandments of the Lord\'85\'94\
\
3. 
\f2 \uc0\u1495 \u1463 \u1496 \u1464 \u1468 \u1488 \u1464 \u1492 
\f1  (chatta\'92ah) \'96 \'93Sin Offering\'94 (Ritual Atonement)\
	\'95	Root Meaning: Same as chata, but as a noun.\
	\'95	Physical Imagery: The offering physically represents the missed mark and the need for restitution through sacrifice. Levitical Context: This term shifts from missing the mark to addressing the error through a tangible sacrifice.\
	\'95	Scriptural Reference: Leviticus 4:3 \'96 \'93He must bring to the Lord a young bull as a sin offering (chatta\'92ah).\'94\
\
4. 
\f2 \uc0\u1502 \u1464 \u1506 \u1463 \u1500 
\f1  (ma\'92al) \'96 \'93Unfaithfulness\'94 (Covenant Breach)\
	\'95	Root Meaning: To cover or act covertly, as in deception.\
	\'95	Physical Imagery: Like a cloak concealing wrongdoing, ma\'92al evokes hidden betrayal or a breach of trust behind someone\'92s back.\
	\'95	Levitical Context: Describes faithlessness toward God\'92s covenant, often involving desecration of holy things.\
	\'95	Scriptural Reference: Leviticus 5:15 \'96 \'93If a person commits a breach of faith (ma\'92al) and sins unintentionally in regard to the holy things of the Lord\'85\'94\
\
5. 
\f2 \uc0\u1488 \u1464 \u1513 \u1464 \u1473 \u1501 
\f1  (asham) \'96 \'93Guilt\'94 or \'93Guilt Offering\'94\
	\'95	Root Meaning: To feel weight or burdened.\
	\'95	Physical Imagery: This term captures the sensation of carrying a heavy load, emphasizing guilt as a tangible burden pressing on the soul.\
	\'95	Levitical Context: Describes guilt awareness requiring both sacrifice and restitution.\
	\'95	Scriptural Reference: Leviticus 5:6 \'96 \'93He shall bring his guilt offering (asham) to the Lord for his sin which he has committed.\'94\
\
6. 
\f2 \uc0\u1506 \u1464 \u1493 \u1465 \u1503 
\f1  (avon) \'96 \'93Iniquity\'94 (Moral Distortion)\
	\'95	Root Meaning: To bend, twist, or distort something straight.\
	\'95	Physical Imagery: Imagine a warped plank or a crooked path\'97this word emphasizes moral perversion and a twisting of divine law from its original intent.\
	\'95	Levitical Context: Often paired with unconfessed sin, resulting in corrupted character and moral decay.\
	\'95	Scriptural Reference: Leviticus 16:21 \'96 \'93Confess over the goat all the iniquities (avon) of the Israelites.\'94\
\
7. 
\f2 \uc0\u1488 \u1464 \u1493 \u1462 \u1503 
\f1  (aven) \'96 \'93Vanity\'94 or \'93Idolatry\'94 (Moral Emptiness)\
	\'95	Root Meaning: To pant, exert effort in vain.\
	\'95	Physical Imagery: The word describes chasing after wind, expending energy without result, emphasizing the emptiness of idolatry and false pursuits.\
	\'95	Levitical Context: Describes vain offerings and idolatry, focusing on futility.\
	\'95	Scriptural Reference: Isaiah 1:13 \'96 \'93Bring no more vain (aven) offerings; incense is an abomination to me.\'94\
\
8. 
\f2 \uc0\u1512 \u1462 \u1513 \u1463 \u1473 \u1506 
\f1  (resha) \'96 \'93Wickedness\'94 (Criminal Sin)\
	\'95	Root Meaning: To be loud, turbulent, agitated.\
	\'95	Physical Imagery: Think of a storming sea\'97resha conveys the disturbance of moral order, violence or agitated wrongdoing.\
	\'95	Levitical Context: Describes a state of rebellion resulting in active harm against God\'92s commands and society.\
	\'95	Scriptural Reference: Psalm 45:7 \'96 \'93You love righteousness and hate wickedness (resha).\'94\
\
9. 
\f2 \uc0\u1508 \u1462 \u1468 \u1513 \u1463 \u1473 \u1506 
\f1  (pesha) \'96 \'93Transgression\'94 (Defiant Rebellion)\
	\'95	Root Meaning: To break away, breach, or rebel.\
	\'95	Physical Imagery: Picture breaking through a wall or tearing a boundary, emphasizing open defiance against God\'92s authority.\
	\'95	Levitical Context: Describes open covenant rebellion, often resulting in divine judgment.\
	\'95	Scriptural Reference: Leviticus 26:40 \'96 \'93They will confess their iniquity and the iniquity of their fathers\'85and their rebellion (pesha).\'94\
\
	1.	
\f2 \uc0\u1513 \u1473 \u1490 \u1464 \u1490 \u1464 \u1492 
\f1  (shegagah) \'96 Tripping and wandering off course. (Error)\
	2.	
\f2 \uc0\u1495 \u1464 \u1496 \u1464 \u1488 
\f1  (chata) \'96 Missing the mark of a target. (Moral Failure)\
	3.	
\f2 \uc0\u1495 \u1463 \u1496 \u1464 \u1468 \u1488 \u1464 \u1492 
\f1  (chatta\'92ah) \'96 A missed mark requiring physical restitution. (Sin Offering)\
	4.	
\f2 \uc0\u1502 \u1464 \u1506 \u1463 \u1500 
\f1  (ma\'92al) \'96 Covering up sin, cloaking betrayal. (Faithlessness)\
	5.	
\f2 \uc0\u1488 \u1464 \u1513 \u1464 \u1473 \u1501 
\f1  (asham) \'96 A weight pressing on the soul. (Guilt Awareness)\
	6.	
\f2 \uc0\u1506 \u1464 \u1493 \u1465 \u1503 
\f1  (avon) \'96 A bent or twisted object. (Moral Corruption)\
	7.	
\f2 \uc0\u1488 \u1464 \u1493 \u1462 \u1503 
\f1  (aven) \'96 Panting or striving in vain. (Futility)\
	8.	
\f2 \uc0\u1512 \u1462 \u1513 \u1463 \u1473 \u1506 
\f1  (resha) \'96 A storm, violent turbulence. (Criminal Sin)\
	9.	
\f2 \uc0\u1508 \u1462 \u1468 \u1513 \u1463 \u1473 \u1506 
\f1  (pesha) \'96 Breaking a wall or tearing away. (Rebellion)\
\
The Physicality of Sin: The biblical language for sin is profoundly rooted in physical experiences, grounding spiritual realities in bodily metaphors. The progression from stumbling (shegagah) to rebellion (pesha) reflects a moral descent from unintentional error to deliberate defiance. Each stage reflects increasing relational damage\'97from self-inflicted error to open rebellion against God\'92s covenant.}