{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HoeflerText-Black;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HoeflerText-Italic;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HoeflerText-Regular;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 AppleColorEmoji;\f4\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1080\margr1080\margb1080\margt1080\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 TruRoot GPT Study Buddy\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\b0 \cf2 The TruText Protocol for Root Study Regularity\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\i0 \cf2 \'93Hebrew echoes a worldview rooted in creation, revealing God\'92s truth in physical metaphors.\'94\
\
This protocol defines the method and expectations for conducting all biblical root studies under the TruText framework, emphasizing grammatical, physical, and theological depth. It ensures every study maintains clarity, consistency, and faithfulness to the biblical text and your theological objectives.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf2 \uc0\u9881 \u65039 
\f2  TruText Protocol for Root Study Regularity\'97A framework for biblical root studies emphasizing grammatical, physical, and theological depth. Ensures clarity, consistency, and faithfulness.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \

\f3 \uc0\u55358 \u56809 
\f2  I. Foundational Principles: Creation-Centered Language\'97Words tied to observable realities in creation. Physical Root Primacy\'97Deepest meaning arises from physical root. Concrete over Abstract\'97Avoid abstractions unless drawn from tangible imagery. Triadic Hermeneutics\'97Identify triads of meaning (e.g., Wisdom, Understanding, Knowledge). Semantic Resonance\'97Explore soundplay and phonetic echoes for embedded meaning.\
\

\f3 \uc0\u9881 \u65039 
\f2  II. Steps for Performing a Root Study: Identify Core Root\'97Locate triliteral root using a Biblical Hebrew lexicon. Examine Physical Meaning\'97Identify concrete physical action or imagery. Etymological Chain\'97Trace earliest uses and related words within the root cluster. Numerical Intersections\'97Explore numerical values of letters for cultural patterns (e.g., Yod = 10).\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf2 \uc0\u55358 \u56809 
\f2  III. Cross-Referencing the Word in Scripture: Horizontal Contextual Review\'97Survey parallel biblical texts for patterns. Vertical Layering\'97Trace root usage across Torah, Prophets, and Wisdom texts. Parallel Word Chains\'97Compare OT terms with Greek LXX and NT equivalents.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \

\f3 \uc0\u55356 \u57088 
\f2  IV. Triadic Framing of Meaning: Physical Root (Concrete Reality)\'97Observable object/action tied to the word. Covenantal (Spiritual Reality)\'97Interaction with divine promises. Eschatological (Prophetic Reality)\'97Foreshadowing eternal truths.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf2 \uc0\u55358 \u56809 
\f2  V. Theological Harmony (TruText Alignment): Consistency\'97Identify harmonic word usage across books (e.g., Chokmah as house-building).\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3 \cf2 \uc0\u9881 \u65039 
\f2  VI. Framing the Findings: Definition\'97Physical, theological, and symbolic meanings. Biblical Echo\'97Reflection of God\'92s design in creation. Application\'97Faith, worship, and practice relevance. Comparison\'97Greek NT parallels.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \

\f3 \uc0\u9881 \u65039 
\f2  VII. Protocol Review Criteria (\'93Mission Creep Watchlist\'94): Physical root meanings prioritized? Numeric and symbolic letter significance? Semantic resonance identified? Triadic patterns respected? Theological conclusions grounded in the text?\
\

\f3 \uc0\u55356 \u57088 
\f2  TruText anchors all further root studies and semantic inquiries, preserving theological integrity and clarity.\page \page 
\f3 \uc0\u55358 \u56809 
\f2 \
Review:\
\
I. Foundational Principles of TruText Root Study\
	1.	Creation-Centered Language:\
	\'95	Every biblical word is tied to observable realities in creation.\
	\'95	Words describe physical actions or tangible experiences before abstract ideas.\
	2.	Physical Root Primacy:\
	\'95	The deepest meaning of a word is its physical root.\
	\'95	If the word describes an action, state, or quality, start with the bodily or natural phenomenon.\
	3.	Concrete over Abstract:\
	\'95	Avoid abstract definitions unless drawn from tangible imagery.\
	\'95	Example: Chata (sin) = \'93missing the mark\'94 not merely moral error but failing a target.\
	4.	Triadic Hermeneutics:\
	\'95	Seek triads of meaning and structural patterns.\
	\'95	Example: Wisdom, Understanding, Knowledge (
\f4 \uc0\u1495 \u1464 \u1499 \u1456 \u1502 \u1464 \u1492 
\f2 , 
\f4 \uc0\u1489 \u1460 \u1468 \u1497 \u1503 
\f2 , 
\f4 \uc0\u1491 \u1463 \u1468 \u1506 \u1463 \u1514 
\f2 )\
	5.	Semantic Resonance:\
	\'95	Consider soundplay and onomatopoetic echoes (e.g., XMR, DBR, SRPh).\
	\'95	Word sounds carry embedded meaning (e.g., seraph \'93burning\'94 and \'93inscription\'94).\
\
II. The Steps for Performing a Root Study\
\
1. Identify the Core Root and Word Form\
	\'95	Locate the root (three-letter triliteral base) using the Biblical Hebrew lexicon.\
	\'95	Check for nouns, verbs, participles, and compounds.\
\
2. Examine the Physical Root Meaning\
	\'95	Identify the most concrete action, physical experience, or observable reality.\
	\'95	If a word describes an action, identify the bodily or material imagery (e.g., Yod = hand\'92s first stroke).\
\
3. Etymological Chain and Variants\
	\'95	Trace earliest known uses in biblical texts.\
	\'95	Explore related words within the root cluster:\
	\'95	Yod (
\f4 \uc0\u1497 
\f2 ) 
\f4 \uc0\u8594 
\f2  Hand, Action, Authority.\
	\'95	Eser (
\f4 \uc0\u1506 \u1462 \u1513 \u1462 \u1474 \u1512 
\f2 ) 
\f4 \uc0\u8594 
\f2  Completion, Boundary, Marking.\
\
4. Numerical and Letter Intersections (SRPh Rule)\
	\'95	When a word is numerically significant:\
	\'95	Treat letters as numbers.\
	\'95	Explore letter-to-number meanings and their cultural patterns (e.g., Yod as 10, the mark of divine action).\
\
III. Cross-Referencing the Word in Scripture\
\
1. Horizontal Contextual Review:\
	\'95	Survey all uses of the root in parallel biblical texts (e.g., eser in Proverbs and Daniel).\
	\'95	Identify thematic patterns (e.g., eser as testing and completion).\
\
2. Vertical Layering Across Scripture:\
	\'95	Examine the earliest (Torah), prophetic, and wisdom literature uses.\
	\'95	Check intertextual relationships and theological arcs.\
\
3. Parallel Word Chains (OT/NT Bridge):\
	\'95	If studying an OT term, seek Greek LXX equivalents.\
	\'95	Trace NT usage for continuity and fulfillment.\
\
IV. Triadic Framing of Meaning\
\
Expect every word to exhibit triadic meaning layers:\
	1.	Physical Root Meaning (Concrete Reality)\
	\'95	What observable object, experience, or action describes the word\'92s core?\
	2.	Covenantal Meaning (Spiritual Reality)\
	\'95	How does the word interact with divine promises?\
	3.	Eschatological Meaning (Prophetic Reality)\
	\'95	How does the word foreshadow eternal truths?\
\
V. Theological Harmony of Word Use (TruText Alignment)\
	\'95	Consistency Across Books: Identify harmonic usage throughout Proverbs, Ecclesiastes, Song of Songs.\
	\'95	Example:\
	\'95	Chokmah (Wisdom) \'96 The building of a house.\
	\'95	Bin (Understanding) \'96 Splitting wood, separating concepts.\
	\'95	Da\'92at (Knowledge) \'96 Intimate knowledge, tied to God\'92s design.\
\
VI. Framing the Findings (for Scholarly and Devotional Use)\
\
Each word study should conclude with:\
	\'95	1. Definition: A concise summary of the word\'92s physical, theological, and symbolic meanings.\
	\'95	2. Biblical Echo: How the word reflects God\'92s design in creation.\
	\'95	3. Application: How the word applies to faith, worship, and practice.\
	\'95	4. Comparison: Alignments with Greek NT parallels.\
\
VII. Protocol Review Criteria: \'93Mission Creep Watchlist\'94\
\
To remain faithful to the TruText Core:\
	1.	Are physical root meanings clearly prioritized?\
	2.	Are all Hebrew letters treated as numeric and symbolic units?\
	3.	Has the semantic resonance (soundplay) been identified?\
	4.	Are triadic patterns recognized and respected?\
	5.	Are theological conclusions grounded in the text, not abstractions?\
\
This protocol is the anchor for all further root studies and semantic inquiries under TruRoot as imperative underhood to the TruText Project.}