{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HoeflerText-Black;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HoeflerText-Regular;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 AppleColorEmoji;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1080\margr1080\margb1080\margt1080
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone That\'92s All It Takes\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 Everything A Boy Needs to Know\
\
Understanding Smart Theory: A Guide for Creative Minds\
\
Smart Theory is a way of thinking that helps you stay organized, creative, and wise while navigating life. It isn\'92t just about getting tasks done\'97it\'92s about clarity, focus, and growth in all areas of life, whether you\'92re working on school projects, personal goals, or your relationship with God.\
\
Think of it like having a toolbox filled with ideas that help you handle challenges better. The tools are called cogs\'97each one focuses on a different part of how you think, plan, and act.\
\

\f2 \uc0\u55358 \u56809 
\f1  The Four Core Cogs of Smart Theory\
\
These \'93cogs\'94 are the basic parts of Smart Theory. They help you break down complicated situations and take control of your life, one step at a time.\
\
1. The Fog of Pile (Clearing the Mess)\
\
Key Idea: Sometimes, life feels like a huge, confusing mess. Maybe it\'92s a cluttered desk, too many assignments, or a brain full of thoughts you can\'92t sort. That\'92s the Fog of Pile\'97when everything feels overwhelming.\
\
What to Do:\
	\'95	Don\'92t panic! Mess doesn\'92t mean failure.\
	\'95	See the pile as a map of your life right now. It shows what\'92s been important to you.\
	\'95	Start small. Pick one thing and work on it.\
	\'95	Remember: The pile isn\'92t bad\'97it\'92s just waiting for you to take action.\
\
2. The Stack (Stored Potential)\
\
Key Idea: The Stack is like your brain\'92s storage shelf. It\'92s where you keep all the ideas, notes, tasks, and things you\'92ve learned that could be useful someday. But if you never revisit your stack, it becomes wasted potential.\
\
What to Do:\
	\'95	Look through your stack once in a while.\
	\'95	Ask yourself: \'93Is this still useful? Should I let it go or act on it?\'94\
	\'95	The stack can grow, shrink, or be rearranged\'97it\'92s meant to evolve as you do.\
	\'95	Think of it like cleaning out your locker: you don\'92t need every paper forever.\
\
3. The Battlefield (Your Work Zone)\
\
Key Idea: The Battlefield is where you take action. It\'92s your desk, your computer screen, your gym, or any space where you focus and get things done.\
\
What to Do:\
	\'95	A messy desk isn\'92t a failure\'97it shows you\'92re in the middle of important work.\
	\'95	Choose your battles. Don\'92t try to win every fight at once.\
	\'95	Clear space for your most important task today.\
	\'95	Remember: The battlefield isn\'92t about being perfect. It\'92s about staying focused.\
\
4. Activation (Taking Action)\
\
Key Idea: Activation is when you stop planning and start doing. It\'92s the moment when you trust that what you know and what you\'92ve prepared is enough to move forward.\
\
What to Do:\
	\'95	Trust yourself. If you\'92ve prepared, you\'92re ready.\
	\'95	Not everything needs perfect planning\'97taking action teaches you too.\
	\'95	Stop holding onto ideas just because they\'92re \'93interesting.\'94 Activate what matters and let go of the rest.\
	\'95	Remember: Faith without action is just a thought.\
\

\f2 \uc0\u55357 \u56534 
\f1  How Smart Theory Connects to Faith\
\
At the heart of Smart Theory is a belief: God brings order out of chaos.\
	\'95	The Fog of Pile reminds us that God works through disorder, turning confusion into clarity.\
	\'95	The Stack teaches stewardship\'97choosing what to keep and what to let go.\
	\'95	The Battlefield reflects the spiritual fight for truth and wisdom (Ephesians 6:12).\
	\'95	Activation mirrors faith in action\'97doing what\'92s right, not just thinking about it (James 2:26).\
\

\f2 \uc0\u10024 
\f1  Why Smart Theory Matters for You\
	\'95	It helps you manage stress. You can stop feeling overwhelmed and start making progress.\
	\'95	It builds confidence. You\'92ll learn to trust your ability to think clearly and act wisely.\
	\'95	It strengthens your faith. Smart Theory shows how practical wisdom and spiritual truths go hand in hand.\
\

\f2 \uc0\u9989 
\f1  Key Takeaways\
	1.	The Fog of Pile = Clutter isn\'92t failure. Start small.\
	2.	The Stack = Stored ideas need attention to stay useful.\
	3.	The Battlefield = Mess is okay if you\'92re focused on the task.\
	4.	Activation = Trust what you\'92ve learned and take action.\
\
Smart Theory isn\'92t just about being productive\'97it\'92s about becoming wiser and more aligned with truth, whether in school, work, or faith.\
\
What\'92s one small thing you can activate today?}