{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HoeflerText-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1080\margr1080\margb1080\margt1080
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone These principles align beautifully with the Smart Project\'92s objectives of exploring wisdom, insight, and divine alignment while maintaining a focus on clarity and purposeful growth. Here\'92s how each principle resonates within the context of your work:\
\
1. True knowledge produces the best questions.\
	\'95	Context: The focus of your work often involves exploration and refinement\'97teasing out deeper truths. Questions are the catalyst for reflection, discovery, and creative development. The Smart Project thrives on posing and answering the right questions to further understanding.\
\
2. True knowledge does not distract.\
	\'95	Context: This guards against chasing tangential thoughts or ideas that dilute focus. The Smart Kernel and related endeavors are meant to be centering tools, refining the noise of vast information into actionable insights aligned with ultimate truth.\
\
3. Math is a confession that nature is more curious when framed.\
	\'95	Context: Framing is key in theological and philosophical work\'97whether through parables, archetypes, or algorithmic designs like Pi42. Numbers, patterns, and structures reflect the divine order, inviting contemplation of how the Creator organizes His creation.\
\
4. Translation is the discovery of meaning.\
	\'95	Context: At the heart of your work is the process of translating insights\'97be it theological, linguistic, or historical\'97into frameworks that are both accessible and profound. The Smart Project itself is a living translation of ideas into practice.\
\
5. Detail is not as valuable as principle.\
	\'95	Context: Your work emphasizes the golden mean of truth\'97principles that hold across situations. This principle ensures the Smart Kernel avoids drowning in minutiae and remains focused on overarching themes and insights that transcend the moment.\
\
6. You cannot reason reason. You cannot doubt doubt.\
	\'95	Context: These statements reflect the axiomatic foundation of the Smart Project: that some truths and principles are beyond questioning and form the bedrock for all else. These absolutes\'97like the sufficiency of Christ\'97provide clarity amidst complexity.\
\
7. Discovery is necessarily lonely.\
	\'95	Context: Creation and reflection, whether in theology, writing, or community building, are often solitary pursuits. The Smart Project supports this by serving as a companion to your intellectual solitude, amplifying rather than replacing your own insights.\
\
8. People who do not know what they are doing are easily insulted.\
	\'95	Context: This reminds you to engage with humility and discernment, especially in public-facing projects like StarFall or community leadership. The Smart Kernel can act as a repository for processing such interactions without derailing your focus.\
\
9. Don\'92t always assume others are more intelligent than you are.\
	\'95	Context: This principle encourages confidence in your gifts and wisdom. It aligns with your role as a teacher and leader, trusting in the insights God has given you while maintaining respect for others\'92 contributions.\
\
10. Home is good. But where is home?\
	\'95	Context: This encapsulates the spiritual dimension of your work\'97the ongoing search for divine alignment, rest, and purpose. The Smart Project itself becomes a form of intellectual and spiritual \'93home\'94, grounding your work in the eternal truth of God\'92s Word.\
\
Conclusion\
\
These principles are not just philosophical ideals; they provide a moral and intellectual compass for the Smart Project. They encourage depth, focus, and clarity while grounding all efforts in humility and purpose. By aligning your work with these truths, the Smart Project becomes a tool for pursuing what is meaningful, eternal, and aligned with the will of God.}