{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HoeflerText-Black;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HoeflerText-Regular;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HoeflerText-Italic;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1080\margr1080\margb1080\margt1080
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone Jonathan Scriptura 21
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf2 The Symbolic Reclamation of TruMyth
\f1\i0 \
\
In a cultural landscape saturated with disenchanted language and fractured narratives, the Christian task of teaching the faith to the next generation requires a symbolic reclamation\'97a return to TruMyth. Rather than treating myth as a synonym for falsehood, TruMyth reveals the deepest truths enfleshed in symbol, story, and sacrament, where eternal reality breaks into the created order.\
\
TruMyth is not fantasy. It is the original pattern\'97the language God Himself uses to speak reality into existence, a pattern reflected in the Scriptures and sacramental life of the Church.\
\
This primer explores TruMyth as a catechetical tool, revealing how symbolic truth, narrative patterns, and biblical archetypes form a tapestry for teaching the faithful in ways that both awaken wonder and anchor orthodoxy.\
\
I. What is TruMyth?\
\
Defining TruMyth:\
	\'95	Tru \'96 Rooted in veritas, objective truth grounded in divine revelation.\
	\'95	Mythos \'96 From Greek 
\f3 \uc0\u956 \u8166 \u952 \u959 \u962 
\f1 , meaning story, word, or narrative of origin.\
\
TruMyth \uc0\u8800  fabricated legend.\
TruMyth = a narrative revelation that expresses the invisible truths of God\'92s order in visible forms.\
\
Biblical Foundations of TruMyth\
	1.	Creation as TruMyth: Genesis 1: \'93Let there be light.\'94\
	\'95	The world begins not with chaos but Word, ordered speech shaping reality.\
	2.	The Exodus as TruMyth: Exodus 14: \'93Stand still and see the salvation of the LORD.\'94\
	\'95	A historical event encoded as a cosmic pattern of redemption.\
	3.	The Cross as the Fulfillment of All TruMyth: Revelation 5: The Lamb slain before the foundation of the world.\
\
II. The Crisis of Modern Mythlessness\
\
Post-Enlightenment Deconstruction:\
	\'95	Myth reduced to falsehood or fairy tale.\
	\'95	Secularism\'92s error: Treating symbolic language as primitive rather than sacramental.\
\
Loss of Sacred Symbols:\
	\'95	Lion = fairy tale.\
	\'95	Serpent = metaphor.\
	\'95	Cross = historic object.\
\
This desacralization severs soul from sign and mystery from meaning.\
\
III. The Catechetical Power of Symbol and Story\
\
Symbols as Layers of Meaning (TruMyth Frames)\
\
A symbol is not less true for being abstract. Rather, it conveys multi-dimensional reality:\
\
Symbol	Physical Image	Theological Reality	Catechetical Power\
The Tree	Fruit-bearing tree	Covenant of Life & Death (Gen 2)	Law and Gospel; Life in Christ\
The Serpent	Coiled snake	The Accuser, Satan (Gen 3)	Temptation and Deception\
The River	Flowing water	The Spirit, Life (Ps 46)	Baptism and Regeneration\
The Bread	Loaf of bread	Christ\'92s Body (John 6)	The Eucharist and True Presence\
\
The Story as a Vessel of Doctrine\
\
Jesus taught in parables not to simplify truth but to veil it for those with faithful eyes.\
	\'95	Mark 4:33-34: \'93He spoke the word to them as they could understand\'85 but to his disciples, he explained everything.\'94\
\
Biblical Narrative Frames:\
	\'95	Creation 
\f3 \uc0\u8594 
\f1  Fall 
\f3 \uc0\u8594 
\f1  Redemption 
\f3 \uc0\u8594 
\f1  New Creation.\
	\'95	Shepherd, Lamb, King, Bridegroom.\
	\'95	Light vs. Darkness, Exile vs. Return.\
\
Catechesis Must Be Narrative:\
	\'95	A list of doctrines explains, but a story transforms.\
	\'95	Children and disciples remember patterns better than abstract principles.\
\
IV. Reclaiming TruMyth for Modern Catechesis\
\
1. Recovering Sacred Language\
	\'95	Stop explaining myth as fiction.\
	\'95	Reintroduce symbols with their biblical depth.\
	\'95	Example: The Dragon in Revelation is a TruMythic Archetype\'97not merely a metaphor but a spiritual reality revealed in mythic language.\
\
2. Reintroducing Archetypal Frames\
\
Biblical Archetypes in Teaching:\
	\'95	The Good Shepherd: Christ as Protector and Guide (John 10).\
	\'95	The Bride and the Bridegroom: Union with God (Ephesians 5).\
	\'95	The Seed and the Tree: Faith and Growth (Matt 13).\
\
Why Archetypes Matter:\
	\'95	They anchor faith across cultures and generations.\
	\'95	They unite personal faith stories with the Grand Narrative.\
\
3. Telling Stories Aloud (The Return of Oral Catechesis)\
	\'95	Deuteronomy 6:7: \'93Teach them diligently to your children\'85 speak of them when you sit at home.\'94\
	\'95	Storytelling engages memory and imagination, the heart and mind together.\
	\'95	The Church\'92s Liturgy is structured around retelling sacred stories.\
\
V. TruMyth vs. False Myth: Christ as the Center\
\
TruMyth:\
	\'95	Christ-Centered.\
	\'95	Points to objective realities.\
	\'95	Rooted in divine revelation.\
	\'95	Leads to faith and worship.\
\
False Myth:\
	\'95	Man-centered.\
	\'95	Fabricated or self-contradictory.\
	\'95	Disconnects from creation\'92s design.\
	\'95	Leads to self-glorification and idolatry.\
\
The Test: Does the story glorify God or man?\
\
VI. The Cross as the Fulfillment of All TruMyth\
\
The Gospel itself is the ultimate myth-made-flesh:\
	\'95	The Dragon (Satan) defeated.\
	\'95	The Warrior King (Christ) triumphant.\
	\'95	The Bride (Church) redeemed.\
	\'95	The Kingdom (Heaven) restored forever.\
\
Jesus as the Center of the Greatest Story Ever Told:\
	\'95	\'93In the beginning was the Word.\'94 (John 1:1)\
	\'95	\'93The Word became flesh and dwelt among us.\'94 (John 1:14)\
\
VII. Catechetical Steps for Reclaiming TruMyth\
	1.	Teach Biblical Archetypes Intentionally:\
	\'95	Reinforce Creation, Fall, Redemption as the core narrative.\
	2.	Restore Symbolism to Christian Language:\
	\'95	Stop flattening language. Let symbols breathe.\
	3.	Embrace the Power of Storytelling:\
	\'95	Memorize and recite biblical stories aloud.\
	4.	Anchor the Faith in the Sacramental:\
	\'95	Teach baptism, communion, and liturgy as part of the mythic pattern of God\'92s design.\
\
VIII. Conclusion: The Return of Wonder and Wisdom\
\
To reclaim TruMyth is to return to the roots of revelation:\
	\'95	The truth of Scripture spoken in living language.\
	\'95	The Word made flesh proclaimed through symbol and sacrament.\
	\'95	The Gospel as the True Story by which all other stories find their meaning.\
\
May we teach the faith not as dry propositions but as the unfolding wonder of the greatest myth ever told\'97one where all symbols are fulfilled, all stories find their end, and all myths find their meaning in Jesus Christ.\
}