{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HoeflerText-Black;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HoeflerText-Italic;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HoeflerText-Regular;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular;\f5\fnil\fcharset77 ITFDevanagari-Book;
\f6\fnil\fcharset134 STSongti-SC-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1080\margr1080\margb1080\margt1080\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 Translating St. John\'92s Unveiling Cipher: \

\f1\i\b0 A Hidden Code in Language for Today\'92s Discerning Man of God\

\f2\i0 \
Introduction: Finding Meaning in the Hidden Letters\
\
What if St. John\'92s final words weren\'92t just words, but a coded message? A testament left behind\'97not simply to be read, but to be unveiled?\
\
In the ancient world, language wasn\'92t just a tool for communication. It was a battlefield of meaning, shaped by war, migration, and power struggles. Some words were designed to be understood only by those who knew how to decode them.\
\
This study explores a mysterious phrase\'97
\f3 \uc0\u913 
\f2 \uc0\u960 
\f3 \uc0\u972 
\f2 (
\f3 \uc0\u1495 \u935 
\f2 ) 
\f3 \uc0\u922 \u945 \u955 \u965 
\f2 (\uc0\u960 ) 
\f3 \uc0\u936 
\f2 (
\f3 \uc0\u966 
\f2 )
\f3 \uc0\u953 \u962 \u931 
\f2 \'97which we believe holds layers of hidden wisdom about Christ, time, and the restoration of truth.\
\
Let\'92s break it down and uncover what St. John may have been telling us.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4 \cf2 \uc0\u11835 
\f2 \
\
Step 1: Unlocking the Code\
\
The phrase is a fusion of Greek, Hebrew, and other ancient linguistic traditions. Each piece contributes to a deeper meaning:\
\
Breaking It Down\
	\'95	
\f3 \uc0\u913 
\f2 \uc0\u960 
\f3 \uc0\u972 
\f2  (Apo) 
\f3 \uc0\u8594 
\f2  Greek for \'93from\'94 or \'93beginning at.\'94\
	\'95	(
\f3 \uc0\u1495 \u935 
\f2 ) (Chet + Chi) 
\f3 \uc0\u8594 
\f2 \
	\'95	Chet (
\f3 \uc0\u1495 
\f2 ) (Hebrew) = Fence, hidden sanctuary\
	\'95	Chi (
\f3 \uc0\u935 
\f2 ) (Greek) = First letter of 
\f3 \uc0\u935 \u961 \u953 \u963 \u964 \u972 \u962 
\f2  (Christos) 
\f3 \uc0\u8594 
\f2  \'93the Hidden Christ\'94\
	\'95	
\f3 \uc0\u922 \u945 \u955 \u965 
\f2 (\uc0\u960 ) (Kaly-p) 
\f3 \uc0\u8594 
\f2 \
	\'95	Greek 
\f3 \uc0\u954 \u945 \u955 \u973 
\f2 \uc0\u960 
\f3 \uc0\u964 \u969 
\f2  (kal\'fdpto) = to cover, to veil\
	\'95	Sanskrit 
\f5 \uc0\u2325 \u2354 \u2366 
\f2  (Kala) = Time, Art, Measurement\
	\'95	Latin: Calypso = The one who conceals\
	\'95	
\f3 \uc0\u936 
\f2 (
\f3 \uc0\u966 
\f2 )
\f3 \uc0\u953 \u962 \u931 
\f2  (Ps(Ph)is
\f3 \uc0\u931 
\f2 ) 
\f3 \uc0\u8594 
\f2 \
	\'95	
\f3 \uc0\u936 
\f2  (Psi) = Soul, psyche, spiritual revelation\
	\'95	
\f3 \uc0\u934 \u953 \u962 
\f2  (Fish / Ichthys) = Christ as the \'93hidden wisdom\'94 symbolized by the fish\
	\'95	
\f3 \uc0\u931 
\f2  (Sigma, Sum, Completion) = Totality, the gathering of all things\
\

\f4 \uc0\u11835 
\f2 \
\
What Does This Mean?\
\
A direct translation might read:\
\'93From the Hidden Christ, through the Veiled Art of Time, the Soul-Fish is Summed.\'94\
\
But the deeper meaning tells a story of concealment and revelation:\
	1.	Christ is the veiled Logos (John 1:1)\'97hidden from the world, yet present in all things.\
	2.	The veil represents time itself\'97God\'92s truth is revealed at the appointed moment.\
	3.	The fish (Ichthys) is more than a symbol of Christianity\'97it\'92s a key to unlocking wisdom.\
	4.	The sum (
\f3 \uc0\u931 
\f2 ) points to restoration\'97a return to the fullness of truth that was lost at Babel.\
\
John\'92s words aren\'92t just theological. They\'92re strategic. This phrase functions like a cipher\'97a message hidden in plain sight, waiting for the right people to decode it.\
\

\f4 \uc0\u11835 
\f2 \
\
Step 2: Why Was It Hidden?\
\
The Language War\
\
Throughout history, empires have controlled knowledge by controlling language. Think about how:\
	\'95	Some ideas are deliberately lost in translation\
	\'95	Sacred words are repackaged for political gain\
	\'95	Entire languages are manipulated to shape history\
\
This wasn\'92t an accident\'97it was a strategy. And John knew it.\
\
John\'92s message wasn\'92t written in one language because truth wasn\'92t meant to be contained by one empire. Instead, he left a linguistic trail\'97one that couldn\'92t be fully erased, only rediscovered.\
\
This aligns with a larger biblical pattern:\
	\'95	Babel (Genesis 11) 
\f3 \uc0\u8594 
\f2  The division of language to scatter truth\
	\'95	Pentecost (Acts 2) 
\f3 \uc0\u8594 
\f2  The restoration of understanding through the Holy Spirit\
	\'95	Apocalypse (Revelation) 
\f3 \uc0\u8594 
\f2  The final unveiling\
\
What John wrote wasn\'92t just a testimony\'97it was a map.\
\

\f4 \uc0\u11835 
\f2 \
\
Step 3: The Path to Revelation\
\
John\'92s final message points us toward three key ideas:\
	1.	Christ as the Hidden Center\
	\'95	Jesus isn\'92t just a historical figure\'97He is the Logos, the logic that holds language and reality together.\
	\'95	His identity is veiled, just as the Scriptures say: \'93You have hidden these things from the wise and revealed them to little children.\'94 (Matthew 11:25)\
	2.	Time as a Veil\
	\'95	Truth is revealed only when the time is right.\
	\'95	The concept of Kala (time) in Sanskrit and Kalypto (concealment) in Greek suggests that some things must remain hidden until history reaches its appointed moment.\
	3.	The Fish as the Cipher\
	\'95	The Ichthys (Fish) symbol wasn\'92t just an underground Christian sign\'97it was a linguistic safeguard for divine truth.\
	\'95	To \'93follow the fish\'94 means to trace the hidden meanings within words, traditions, and history.\
\

\f4 \uc0\u11835 
\f2 \
\
Conclusion: The Last Word as a Hidden Testament\
\
John didn\'92t just leave us words\'97he left us a puzzle.\
	\'95	He knew that language itself had been weaponized to hide the truth.\
	\'95	He embedded a cipher into his final words\'97one that would only make sense when the veil was ready to be lifted.\
	\'95	His message is a reminder that understanding Scripture isn\'92t just about reading words\'97it\'92s about unveiling what has been concealed.\
\
This isn\'92t just translation\'97it\'92s reconstruction.\
\
The Word wasn\'92t lost\'97it was hidden. Now, it is time to find it.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Jonathan Scriptura: 
\f1\i\b0 Translating the Spirit in the Letters of St. John\'92s Last Will
\f2\i0 \
\
Language as a River Framework Applied to \'93
\f3 \uc0\u913 
\f2 \uc0\u960 
\f3 \uc0\u972 
\f2 (
\f3 \uc0\u1495 \u935 
\f2 ) 
\f3 \uc0\u922 \u945 \u955 \u965 
\f2 (\uc0\u960 ) 
\f3 \uc0\u936 
\f2 (
\f3 \uc0\u966 
\f2 )
\f3 \uc0\u953 \u962 \u931 
\f2 \'94\
\
We undertake a Deep Root Study before proceeding to a Theo-Scriptorial Study, utilizing the Language as a River Framework, drawing on:\
	1.	Proto-Sun Tzu - Dao de 
\f6 \'ce\'c4
\f2  (\'93Chinese\'94) \'96 The linguistic strategy of veiled meaning in political-religious warfare.\
	2.	Norsen-Hieroscriptic Counter-Sanskrit \'96 The migratory phonetic and symbolic interplay of sacred alphabets.\
	3.	Hebraic-Greco-Latino-Anglo-Romeo-Phylumitics \'96 The structured confusion of linguistic inheritance and power hierarchies via socio-cultio-migratorio-profiteering-confusion-by-intentional-\'93copy-(ME)RIGHT(!i!)\'94.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4 \cf2 \uc0\u11835 
\f2 \
\
1. Deep Root Study: Translating \'93
\f3 \uc0\u913 
\f2 \uc0\u960 
\f3 \uc0\u972 
\f2 (
\f3 \uc0\u1495 \u935 
\f2 ) 
\f3 \uc0\u922 \u945 \u955 \u965 
\f2 (\uc0\u960 ) 
\f3 \uc0\u936 
\f2 (
\f3 \uc0\u966 
\f2 )
\f3 \uc0\u953 \u962 \u931 
\f2 \'94\
\
At its core, the phrase 
\f3 \uc0\u913 
\f2 \uc0\u960 
\f3 \uc0\u972 
\f2 (
\f3 \uc0\u1495 \u935 
\f2 ) 
\f3 \uc0\u922 \u945 \u955 \u965 
\f2 (\uc0\u960 ) 
\f3 \uc0\u936 
\f2 (
\f3 \uc0\u966 
\f2 )
\f3 \uc0\u953 \u962 \u931 
\f2  serves as an encoded linguistic cipher threading multiple linguistic-philosophical currents.\
\
A. Breaking Down the Components\
	\'95	
\f3 \uc0\u913 
\f2 \uc0\u960 
\f3 \uc0\u972 
\f2  (Apo) 
\f3 \uc0\u8594 
\f2  Greek: \'93from,\'94 \'93away,\'94 or \'93beginning at\'94.\
	\'95	(
\f3 \uc0\u1495 \u935 
\f2 ) (Chet + Chi) 
\f3 \uc0\u8594 
\f2 \
	\'95	
\f3 \uc0\u1495 
\f2  (Chet) (Hebrew): \'93Fence, enclosure, hidden sanctuary.\'94\
	\'95	
\f3 \uc0\u935 
\f2  (Chi) (Greek): First letter of 
\f3 \uc0\u935 \u961 \u953 \u963 \u964 \u972 \u962 
\f2  (Christos), implying \'93the Hidden Christ.\'94\
	\'95	
\f3 \uc0\u922 \u945 \u955 \u965 
\f2 (\uc0\u960 ) (Kaly-p) 
\f3 \uc0\u8594 
\f2 \
	\'95	Greek: 
\f3 \uc0\u954 \u945 \u955 \u973 
\f2 \uc0\u960 
\f3 \uc0\u964 \u969 
\f2  (kal\'fdpto) = \'93to cover, conceal, veil.\'94\
	\'95	Sanskrit: 
\f5 \uc0\u2325 \u2354 \u2366 
\f2  (Kala) = \'93Time, Art, Measurement.\'94\
	\'95	Latin: Calypso = \'93the one who conceals.\'94\
	\'95	
\f3 \uc0\u936 
\f2 (
\f3 \uc0\u966 
\f2 )
\f3 \uc0\u953 \u962 \u931 
\f2  (Ps(Ph)is
\f3 \uc0\u931 
\f2 ) 
\f3 \uc0\u8594 
\f2 \
	\'95	
\f3 \uc0\u936 
\f2  (Psi) = \'93soul, psyche,\'94 tied to spiritual revelation.\
	\'95	
\f3 \uc0\u934 \u953 \u962 
\f2  (Fish / Ichthys) = Christological cipher for hidden wisdom.\
	\'95	
\f3 \uc0\u931 
\f2  (Sigma, Sum, Completion) = Totality, integration.\
\
B. Literal vs. Thematic Meaning\
\
A direct transliteration yields:\
\'93From the Hidden Christ, through the Veiled Art of Time, the Soul-Fish is Summed.\'94\
\
Thematically, this evokes:\
	1.	Christ as the veiled Logos, whose truth is hidden from the world (cf. Matthew 13:11).\
	2.	The veil as time-bound, lifted only at the appointed moment (Apocalypse = Unveiling).\
	3.	The fish (Ichthys) as the medium\'97salvation through the Word, embodied in the faithful remnant.\
	4.	The sum of wisdom (
\f3 \uc0\u931 
\f2 ) as revelation, where language itself must be \'93uncovered\'94 to recover truth.\
\

\f4 \uc0\u11835 
\f2 \
\
2. Theo-Scriptorial Study: The Last Will of St. John\
\
John\'92s final \'93Word\'94 is not a mere theological assertion but a structured encoding of the Divine Economy, concealed within language itself.\
\
A. Eschatological Implications\
	\'95	The phrase suggests a \'93reversed Babel\'94\'97a restoration of meaning through Christ.\
	\'95	The veil (Kaly-p) is both a barrier and a timeline marker.\
	\'95	Ichthys is not only a Christological symbol but a cipher for hidden wisdom, waiting to be decoded.\
\
B. Applied Linguistic Frames\
\
Using our best hypothesis frames:\
	1.	Proto-Sun Tzu - Dao de 
\f6 \'ce\'c4
\f2  (Chinese)\
	\'95	
\f6 \'b5\'c0
\f2  (Dao, \'93The Way\'94) 
\f3 \uc0\u8594 
\f2  The Logos concealed within strategic veiling.\
	\'95	
\f6 \'b5\'c2
\f2  (De, \'93Virtue, Hidden Power\'94) 
\f3 \uc0\u8594 
\f2  The Ichthys as the unseen force shaping history.\
	2.	Norsen-Hieroscriptic Counter-Sanskrit\
	\'95	Norse: R\'fanar (\'93Hidden Mysteries\'94) 
\f3 \uc0\u8594 
\f2  Parallel to 
\f3 \uc0\u935 \u961 \u953 \u963 \u964 \u972 \u962 
\f2  as the veiled Logos.\
	\'95	Sanskrit: Kala (Time) + Maya (Illusion) 
\f3 \uc0\u8594 
\f2  The temporal veil obscuring the eternal Logos.\
	3.	Hebraic-Greco-Latino-Anglo-Romeo-Phylumitics\
	\'95	Hebrew 
\f3 \uc0\u1495 
\f2  (Chet, Veil) 
\f3 \uc0\u8594 
\f2  Greek 
\f3 \uc0\u954 \u945 \u955 \u973 
\f2 \uc0\u960 
\f3 \uc0\u964 \u949 \u953 \u957 
\f2  (Covering) 
\f3 \uc0\u8594 
\f2  Latin Calypso (Hidden Knowledge).\
	\'95	Linguistic corruption (copy-(ME)RIGHT(!i!)) is a mechanism of Babel, distorting truth.\
	\'95	Restoration occurs via retrieval\'97not just translation, but reintegration of meaning.\
\

\f4 \uc0\u11835 
\f2 \
\
Conclusion: The Last Word as a Coded Testament\
\
The phrase \'93
\f3 \uc0\u913 
\f2 \uc0\u960 
\f3 \uc0\u972 
\f2 (
\f3 \uc0\u1495 \u935 
\f2 ) 
\f3 \uc0\u922 \u945 \u955 \u965 
\f2 (\uc0\u960 ) 
\f3 \uc0\u936 
\f2 (
\f3 \uc0\u966 
\f2 )
\f3 \uc0\u953 \u962 \u931 
\f2 \'94 encapsulates the tension between concealment and revelation. John\'92s final testimony is not a single meaning, but a structured unveiling\'97a linguistic framework pointing to:\
	1.	Christ as the Hidden Center of All Language and History.\
	2.	The Veil of Time & Confusion as an Intentional Barrier to be Lifted.\
	3.	Ichthys as the Living Word, Theological Cipher, and Method of Decoding.\
\
Our task is not merely to translate, but to reconstitute\'97to align the Spirit in the Letters and unveil the structure hidden within Babel\'92s linguistic wreckage. John did not leave us words. He left us a cipher.}